README.md, before:

# Credential Gate

Using [Presentation Exchange](https://identity.foundation/presentation-exchange/) to gate access to a resource.

## Project Resources

| Resource                                   | Description                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [CODEOWNERS](./CODEOWNERS)                 | Outlines the project lead(s)                                                  |
| [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) | Expected behavior for project contributors, promoting a welcoming environment |
| [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)       | Developer guide to build, test, run, access CI, chat, discuss, file issues    |
| [GOVERNANCE.md](./GOVERNANCE.md)           | Project governance                                                            |
| [LICENSE](./LICENSE)                       | Apache License, Version 2.0                                                   |

Commit message:

Add example server + README (#11)
* add in sample server

* add readme

README.md, after:

# Credential Gate

Using [Presentation Exchange](https://identity.foundation/presentation-exchange/) to gate access to a resource.

To view an example of the Credential Gate in action, see the [example](./example) directory.

## Project Resources

| Resource                                   | Description                                                                   |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [CODEOWNERS](./CODEOWNERS)                 | Outlines the project lead(s)                                                  |
| [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) | Expected behavior for project contributors, promoting a welcoming environment |
| [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)       | Developer guide to build, test, run, access CI, chat, discuss, file issues    |
| [GOVERNANCE.md](./GOVERNANCE.md)           | Project governance                                                            |
| [LICENSE](./LICENSE)                       | Apache License, Version 2.0                                                   |
